Checkout API - Customers & Cards - Se modifica email payer de ejemplo (#1314)
mercadopago/devsite-docs: guides/online-payments/checkout-api/advanced-integration.en.md

> 
> Important
> 
> - If you receive an error message of type `"invalid parameter"` with HTTP 400 status code, make sure you are completing the fields `payment_method_id` and `issuer_id` correctly.

> > - Cuando estés utilizando tus credenciales de prueba, recuerda respetar el siguiente formato para el email del cliente: `test_payer_[0-9]{1,10}@testuser.com`. Por ejemplo: `test_payer_12345@testuser.com`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - When you are using your test credentials, remember to follow this particular format for the customer's email: `test_payer_[0-9]{1,10}@testuser.com`. For example: `test_payer_12345@testuser.com`.
```
